this guy is pure nagatino need
platinum sales but I take both
buddies be more careful answering
smoking from pleasant and mother dear
mother girls and boys hang in
the toilet eat candy but sikora trick
bill by relay from horse to light also
kids live well in the world of kill
panty 1 program in novels sneakers
good marijuana
let yourself have a little glove compartment
steps don't bathe girls a line y
share from birth can see roofing listened
the wheel of the form of shadow addon minds and the club for
we all need to catch well, and Th during
a couple of days will take care drug dealer Garik
bunch this spirit turn a soul would
profits
here Nagano petya to cube and 5 plyus
run oblique on new after touring
Smolensk Kostroma and Bryansk mood
plus concert director armenian barely
managed to catch the train and all that for now
this little bump of panic on the log
so at about 9am i reached my
couch twisted for tearing a healer scored
Nagano arrived Victor aka find out today
catch 10 in Moscow until Thursday I am a country
knows how much i love duty i can't
meet guests without a good heel on
every evening I'm talking about will not be
the nesting box the end of the bass I have everything smooth
all options mucus happens because think for
fuck and what I read on vityu
eventually urala guys pissed off
me in Moscow is very fucking plan if u
me in the apartment for sunrises and by seven
in the morning, only half a couplet
nothing our blamed except the president
here is vitya ak-47 and the cylinder kitchen in the afternoon
art
spank we drove with him don
rapper always do nehuy taken
vitic leg write a song but as spectators
Our joint here Rostov and Moscow
Ekaterinburg wider circle Vasya
here because aha nogano guf & 5 plume wider
circle Vasya here Rostov Moscow Yekaterinburg
wider circle 85 wider circle Vasya and your ass 2
my turn aha verse so on a hit
your horns
with me accomplices from Rostov Moscow
great arapaho me who does
chaps
are you ready my
payoff com power of Russian rap came I
no cities do you think it probably
Take our Leonid there is someone
Muscovites and cables can alarm
grumble let's do a wider circle singing
it was not for nothing that we called us in vain
students now in the studio with us yet
we do hip-hop that we follow the fashion
really believe us cake well come on
tune guitar seven-string
you will remember it as beethoven sonata
moon as marfa you with a burning fire
Goof Kumari Kumat we fry well
let's make Rostov